Add constraint and config options (#300)
alphagov/gds-sso: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

# 19.1.0

* Adds config option that allows apps to change the default behaviour of intercepting 401 requests, by including an initialiser: `GDS::SSO.config { |config| config.intercept_401_responses = false }`.
* Added AuthorisedUserConstraint class so that consumer apps can easily add a permission based constraints.

> * Adds depracation warning for PermissionDeniedException to be replaced by PermissionDeniedError

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds deprecation warning for GDS::SSO::ControllerMethods::PermissionDeniedException. If your app uses this you can replace it with GDS::SSO::PermissionDeniedError.
```

> * Extracted User authorisation logic residing in ControllerMethods class into a separate class `AuthoriseUser` so it can be reused by both the ControllerMethods and the AuthorisedUserConstraint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Since this is an implementation detail and not a class we expect consumers to use we don't need to put it in the changelog.
